Fixing unreasonable memory usage when creating an InferenceData object from an emcee sampler (#2215)
arviz-devs/arviz: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## v0.x.x Unreleased

### Maintenance and fixes

> - Fix memory usage and improve efficiency for `io_emcee.posterior_to_xarray`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix memory usage and improve efficiency in `from_emcee`.
```
